Overview - 

The 225 ADS is a 24/7 WA ANG unit that serves as the command and control authority for the active air-defense of the western US. They have an operations floor that runs a panama schedule over a 2 week cycle (12 hour shifts that repeat on a 2-3-2 cadence) and must also include transitions between day/night cycles.  Each full crew has a minimum number of positions that must be filled and those positions require unique qualifications for the individual sitting in that position.

Currently a spreadsheet is used to track the crew schedule. It is a heavily manual process and anytime there is a change/conflict, there are ripple effects that must also be manually accounted for. Even the 2 week panama cadence must be manually created for each cycle.

The spreadsheet lives on an outdated version of Sharepoint and can only be modified by one user at a time, and then must be checked back in before anyone else can edit or view the changes. Only those with read/write access to the schedule can make changes, so providing inputs relies on email, phone calls, texts, etc, poviding little accountabilty for positive confirmation of changes.

This MVP addresses some of the major pain points uncovered during the interviews with the crew schedulers, as well as inputs from those on the team that have lived the panama schedule as part of the 225 ADG.

The scenario is presented from the different personas that are involved with creating and using the ops schedule.  The main focus was on the schedulers, who are responsible for making sure there is a 2 month schedule in place for each of the sections that make up the crew.  Other personas are the flight supervisors and individual crew members that have unique requirements that can be accomplished by the scheduler, but should be delegated accordingly.

1. Section Scheduler’s Viewpoint:

It is the first day of the 56-day crew schedule cycle, and the Crew Scheduler autogenerated the scheduler. The C2 Section Scheduler, Lt. Nico DiAngelo, reviews the schedule to ensure that there are no conflicts.
- Things to demonstrate
  1. Login as scheduler (*name user2 password)
  2. generation of panama schedule to autofill the crews (*trigger push the "easy" build schedule button)
  3. creation of a conflict that impacts the autogenerated schedule (*name and date/time of new conflict to add Bochniak )
  4. notification alert of a conflict (should also send to the impacted crew member) (*manually go to notifications)
  5a. Schedule will re-run automatically to resolve the conflict (*show that there was a change to the schedule by going back to the schedule page)
  5. re-run the autogeneration to remove the conflict (*trigger push the "easy" build schedule button)
  6. notification to newly added crew member that they will fill the new schedule (NOT WORKING YET - IN FUTURE RELEASE)

He just received a notification that a conflict exists within the schedule. Looking into the notification, he discovers that Capt. Annabeth Chase, a MCC for Blue Crew, has just received last minute TDY orders to participate in the Arachne Exercise at Beale AFB from 1Feb to 13Feb. Going over the list of available crew members, Lt. DiAngelo finds another member of the Brew Crew with the same qualifications and certifications associated with the MCC position, Capt. Percy Jackson. Lt. DiAngelo manually adjusts the crew schedule to include Capt. Jackson, covering for Capt. Chase for the duration of her TDY.

2. Individual Crew Member’s Viewpoint:
- Things to demonstrate
  1. Login as Crew member (*need name/login for the crew member user4 password)
  2. view their individual schedule for the 14-day period (*need to sort on name - Dameon)
  3. create a conflict (manually enter the conflict)
  4. show any conflicts they have already added (*stretch to show current conflicts for the user - Sharon)
  5. receive notification of any changes to their schedule (*stretch to show notifications for changes to schedule if changed since last baseline schedule - Brandon)

TSgt. Tyson Cyclopes has just signed into the Crew Scheduler to review his schedule for the next 56 days. He noticed that he is scheduled to work D-TT on 17Jan to 19Jan; however, TriCare has just scheduled him to have LASIK eye surgery on the 16th with an expected 3-day recovery period. He submits a Conflict through the Crew Scheduler.

SSgt. Dare receives an email notification that there has been a recent change in her schedule. She logs into the Crew Scheduler to read the notification that she will be D-TT from the 17th to the 19th for the C2 Blue Crew.

3. Crew/Section Lead Viewpoint:
- Things to demonstrate:
  1. Login as Supervisor (*name/login for supervisor of the new crew member user2 password )
  2. Add/update a user (*add a new user into training - that will not solve the crew schedule, then update an existing crew in training to valid qual to resolve schedule conflict) -(NEED - 2 names/quals that need to be used for the scenario)
  3. View the entire day's schedule for the section(s) (*stretch for a filter to allow this - Dameon)
  4. *See the quals/certs of the crew members to understand the capability of the crew to manage Crew Resource Management (Dameon)
  
NOT COVERED IN THESE SCENARIOS?
- 
  

